Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NasdaqGS:SIRI) (Sirius XM) entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) for approximately $3 billion on September 23, 2018. Pursuant to the agreement, the owners of the outstanding shares in Pandora that Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NasdaqGS:SIRI) (Sirius XM) does not currently own will receive a fixed exchange ratio of 1.44 newly issued Sirius XM shares for each share of Pandora they hold. Each Pandora performance award that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be cancelled by Pandora and forfeited if the merger consideration closing value is less than $20. If the merger consideration closing value equals or exceeds $20 then, each Pandora performance award that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing, will be converted into a time-vesting award which will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the applicable grant agreement and be assumed and converted into a converted Sirius XM performance award. Each Pandora RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing, will be assumed and converted into a converted Sirius XM RSU, with appropriate adjustments based on the exchange ratio to the number of shares of Sirius XM Common Stock to be received. Each converted Sirius XM RSU will have the same vesting schedule and settlement date as the Pandora RSU and will be subject to all of the material terms and conditions of the Pandora stock incentive plan under which the Pandora RSU was originally granted and the applicable grant agreement, to the extent administratively practicable. Each Pandora stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be assumed and converted into a converted Sirius XM option, with appropriate adjustments based on the Exchange Ratio to the exercise price and number of shares of Sirius XM Common Stock subject to such option, and has the same vesting schedule and exercise conditions as in effect as of immediately prior to the closing. Sirius XM Radio Inc. (Sirius Radio), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sirius XM entered into a joinder agreement on October 25, 2018. As a result of the merger, Pandora Media will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Sirius Radio. The merger agreement provides for a “go-shop” provision under which Pandora and its Board of Directors may actively solicit, receive, evaluate and potentially enter negotiations with parties that offer alternative proposals following the execution date of the definitive agreement. Sirius Radio will continue as the surviving corporation and Pandora will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sirius Radio. In connection with the termination, Pandora must pay Sirius a termination fee of $105 million. As of the transaction close, Roger Lynch, Chief Executive Officer of Pandora, will be stepping down from his role and exiting the company. Jim Meyer, Chief Executive Officer of Sirius XM, will lead Pandora and Sirius XM as a combined company. Steve Bene, General Counsel of Pandora; Naveen Chopra, Chief Financial Officer of Pandora; and Kristen Robinson, Chief Human Resources Officer of Pandora, also will be exiting the company following the transaction closing. Post completion, the combined company will be headquartered in New York, where SiriusXM’s current headquarter is located. The transaction is subject to approval by Pandora stockholders, expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, shares of Sirius to be issues in connection with the merger shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, Form S-4 shall having becoming effective and certain competition laws of foreign jurisdictions, regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. The transaction has been unanimously approved by both the independent directors of Pandora and by the Board of Directors of Sirius XM. On October 18, 2018, Pandora filed a Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act, with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice. On October 24, 2018, Pandora Media announced completion of the go-shop process. As of November 16, 2018, the parties had received the requisite approvals under the competition laws of Germany and Austria. On November 19, 2018, Pandora voluntarily withdrew their respective HSR Notifications and intends to re-file their respective HSR Notifications on November 21, 2018. The waiting period under the HSR Act with respect to the Refiled Notification would be scheduled to expire on December 21, 2018. Pandora Board of Directors continues to recommend the SiriusXM acquisition as fair to and in the best interest of Pandora's stockholders. Pandora is now subject to customary "no-shop" provisions that limit its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals, subject to customary "fiduciary out" provisions. As of December 20, 2018, the registration statement on Form S-4 was declared effective. On December 21, 2018, the waiting period required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 expired. As of January 29, 2019, Pandora shareholders has approved the transaction. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2019. Allen & Company LLC and BofA Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisors and Baker Botts LLP and Eric M. Swedenburg, Ravi Purushotham, Joey Mayer, Tuca Bihari,Greg Grogan, Monisha Bhayana, Rob Holo, Marcy Geller, Sophie Staples, C.J. Murray, Lori Lesser, Genevieve Dorment, Andy Keller, Lia Toback, Brian Steinhardt and Michael Vernace of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acted as legal advisors to Sirius XM. Centerview Partners LLC, Morgan Stanley and LionTree Advisors LLC acted as financial advisors and Martin A. Wellington, Jennifer F. Fitchen, Ruchun Ji, Bill Blumenthal, Karen Kazmerzak, Corey Perry, Ivy Jones, Anna Maria Galinska and Amanda McFarlane of Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal advisors to Pandora Media. Computershare, Inc. acted as the transfer agent and registrar for Sirius. Eric L. Schiele, Michael Brueck and James Jian Hu of Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as legal advisor to Centerview Partners LLC. Innisfree M&A Inc. acted as the information agent to Pandora and will be paid a fee of approximately $25,000 for its services. Centerview Partners LLC will be paid an aggregate fee of approximately $21 million, $3 million of which is payable upon the earlier of (i) the consummation of the transactions and (ii) the 13-month anniversary of the execution of the merger agreement, and the remainder of which is payable contingent upon consummation of the transactions. LionTree will be paid a fee of $4 million for its services which, subject to the following sentence, is contingent upon the consummation of the transactions. In addition, Pandora may pay LionTree an additional fee in its sole discretion in connection with the consummation of the transactions. Brian E. Hamilton and Matthew J. Aulds of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP acted as legal advisor to LionTree Advisors LLC. Sirius XM Radio Inc. completed the acquisition of Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) on February 1, 2019. Pursuant to completion, each unvested performance award granted by Pandora under its stock incentive plans was cancelled and forfeited since the per share value of merger consideration at the closing of the transactions as determined pursuant to the merger agreement was less than $20. On February 1, 2019, Pandora notified The New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) of the effectiveness of the transactions. As a result, trading in shares of Pandora common stock on NYSE ceased prior to the opening of the market on February 1, 2019 and Pandora has requested that NYSE file with the SEC an application on Form 25 to remove shares of Pandora common stock from listing on NYSE. In connection with the transactions, on February 1, 2019, Pandora entered into second supplemental indentures and third supplemental indentures with respect to each of the Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2015, between Pandora and Citibank, N.A., as trustee, governing Pandora’s 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 and the 2023 Notes Indenture. As of the date hereof, approximately $152.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes and approximately $192.9 million aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes remain outstanding. Pursuant to the Supplemental Indentures, and as a result of the transactions, the conversion consideration for each $1,000 principal amount of each series of the Notes has been changed into the right to convert such principal amount of each series of the Notes into a corresponding number of shares of Sirius XM’s common stock, that a holder of such number of Pandora’s common stock, equal to the applicable conversion rate immediately prior to the transactions would have been entitled to receive upon the consummation of the transactions. Upon consummation of the transactions, the conversion rate applicable to the 2020 Notes was 87.7032 shares of Sirius XM Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2020 Notes, and the conversion rate applicable to the 2023 Notes was 150.4466 shares of Sirius XM Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2023 Notes. In addition, pursuant to the Third Supplemental Indentures, Sirius XM has provided an unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance obligations of Pandora under each series of the Notes and the Indentures. Each series of the Notes is convertible under certain circumstances into cash, Sirius XM Common Stock or a combination thereof, at Pandora’s election. Pursuant to the Third Supplemental Indenture relating to the 2020 Notes, Pandora has irrevocably elected and determined that the Settlement Method to settle all conversion obligations from and after February 1, 2019 with respect to the 2020 Notes shall solely be cash.