John Bean Technologies Corporation (NYSE:JBT) made a non-binding initial proposal to acquire Marel hf. (ICSE:MAREL) from Eyrir Invest and others for approximately €2.6 billion on November 24, 2023. John Bean Technologies Corporation (NYSE:JBT) executed a definitive transaction agreement to acquire Marel hf. (ICSE:MAREL) from Eyrir Invest and others on April 4, 2024. Under the terms, John Bean shall pay €3.15 per share for 100% stake in Marel wherein 25% of the proposed consideration would be paid in cash and 75% in the form of shares in JBT. As of December 13, 2023, JBT Corporation has submitted a revised and significantly improved proposal to the Board of Directors of Marel to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Marel for €3.40 per Marel share. Under the terms of consideration, the Proposal provides that JBT is prepared to offer flexibility in the consideration mix or up to 50% of the consideration in cash and up to 100% of the consideration in the form of Combined Company shares. Assuming a mix of 25% cash and 75% stock, in aggregate Marel shareholders would hold ~38% of the Combined Company’s shares or, if all shareholders elected 100% stock consideration, ~45% of the Combined Company’s shares. JBT is prepared to work with the Board of Marel to design a consideration package that it believes would best meet the objectives of Marel shareholders, including offering up to 50% of the consideration in cash and up to 100% of the consideration in the form of combined company shares. Assuming the transaction is structured as a mix of 50% cash and 50% stock, in aggregate, Marel shareholders would hold approximately 29% of the combined company’s shares. Should Marel’s Board find it more attractive to structure the offer as an all-stock combination, Marel shareholders would then own approximately 45% of the combined company’s shares. The proposed offer implies an enterprise value of approximately €3.4 billion for Marel. JBT would contemplate that the stock exchange listing remain on the NYSE with a secondary listing in Reykjavik on Nasdaq Iceland. As of January 19, 2024, JBT Corporation announces Intention to Launch a Voluntary Takeover Offer to Effectuate Merger with Marel hf. As per the revised terms, the offer price per share has been increased to €3.60 per share. It is anticipated that Marel shareholders will have the option to receive either cash, JBT common stock, or a combination thereof in respect of their Marel shares. Elections will be subject to a proration process such that the offer achieves a weighted average mix of approximately 65% stock and approximately 35% in cash. The Offer would result in Marel shareholders holding an approximately 38% interest in the combined company and receiving an aggregate of €950 million in cash. The offer is subject to conclusion of a satisfactory due diligence, final approval by JBT´s board of directors, Regulatory approvals, vote of the JBT shareholders and minimum tender condition of 90%. The new proposal is contingent on a favorable recommendation from the Marel Board of Directors and the issuance of a binding offer remains subject to the approval of JBT’s Board of Directors, and there can be no assurance that any formal offer will be made as a result of these considerations. The combination offers substantial synergies by providing attractive cross-selling and go-to-market potential, meaningful cost savings opportunities, and further margin enhancement, positioning both JBT and Marel shareholders to benefit from significant upside potential. As on January 5, 2024, Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland has extended the PUSU Deadline to January 19, 2024. JBT expects to partially utilize its existing cash on hand as well as a €1.9 billion fully committed bridge financing facility from Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo to guarantee the funding of the cash portion of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close by year-end 2024. As on June 20, 2024, JBT announced that the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA) has approved the offer document and will launch the offer on June 24, 2024. The combined company will be named JBT Marel Corporation, will be headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and Marel’s current facility in Gardabaer, Iceland will be designated as a European headquarters and will remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and is in the process of submitting a secondary application to list the JBT shares on Nasdaq Iceland. Marel shareholders who receive JBT shares as consideration can choose to receive JBT Marel shares listed on either the NYSE or Nasdaq Iceland. The timeline to close the transaction remains primarily dependent on the regulatory clearance process, including those required under antitrust and competition laws. The waiting period for JBT and Marel’s filing under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has expired, and work to obtain other required approvals under competition and similar laws is in process. As of August 8, 2024, JBT Corporation's shareholders voted to approve the issuance of shares of JBT common stock in connection with JBT’s pending combination with Marel. JBT and Marel continue to make progress on the other requirements to close the transaction. Regarding regulatory workstreams, JBT and Marel have submitted filing materials in all relevant jurisdictions and are now engaging with regulators in pursuit of all requisite approvals to complete the combination. The voluntary takeover offer to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Marel will expire on September 2, 2024, unless such offer period is extended. JBT continues to plan for a transaction close by year end 2024. As on August 26, 2024, The voluntary takeover offer, which was initially scheduled to expire on September 2, 2024, will now expire on the earliest date to occur of either November 11, 2024, or three weeks after the date on which all required regulatory clearances are secured, unless such offer period is further extended in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of the definitive agreement between JBT and Marel. The extension is consistent with our expected timeline to complete the remaining steps to combine with Marel and close the transaction by year end 2024. As on October 30, 2024, Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA) has granted an extension of the expiration of offer and scheduled to expire on November 11, 2024. As of November 22, 2024, Australian Competition and Consumer Commission approved the deal. As of November 27, 2024, JBT Corporation announced the receipt of all remaining regulatory clearances. As of November 27, 2024, JBT has decided to amend the settlement period of the Offer to the effect that the settlement of the Offer shall take place no later than five business days from the expiration date of the Offer instead of three business days and amend the offer period so the Offer shall expire at December 20, 2024. The tender offer was expired on December 20, 2024. Goldman Sachs Co LLC acted as financial advisor while LEX and David M. Klein, Carlo Zenkner, Daniel E. Wolf, Wei-Yang Lim, James H. Mutchnik, Paula Riedel, Sion Davies, Scott A. Scheele, Donna Alberts Peel, Sophia Hudson, Jennifer L. Lee, Zoey Hitzert, Rachael L. Lichman, Purun Cheong, Christopher Shield, Tom Roberts, Mike Carew, Steven Cantor, Michael Falk, Jared Whalen of Kirkland & Ellis and Arne Grimme, Henk van Ravenhorst, Casper Nagtegaal, Féline Goyarts, Rick van 't Wout, Barbara Kloppert and Jan Willem Hoevers of De Brauw acted as legal advisors, Arion banki hf. is acting lead manager and ABN AMRO is acting Exchange agent for JBT. JP Morgan and Oscar Nettl, Michel Cijsouw and Rogier Kouwenhoven of Coöperatieve Rabobank acted as financial advisor for Marel while Baker McKenzie, BBA/Fjeldco and Osborne Clarke acted as legal advisors for Marel. Rabobank provided fairness opinion to Marel. John Bean Technologies Corporation (NYSE:JBT) completed the acquisition of Marel hf. (ICSE:MAREL) from Eyrir Invest and others on January 2, 2025. Based on the final result of the Offer, JBT has achieved acceptance by Marel shareholders representing 735,338,954 Marel shares, corresponding to approximately 97.5% of all issued and outstanding Marel shares, thus exceeding the required 90% minimum acceptance condition. JBT has now satisfied all conditions to the Offer and will complete the Offer in accordance with its terms. The settlement of the Offer is expected to occur on January 2, 2025. As JBT’s ownership in Marel will exceed 90% of all Marel shares after settlement of the Offer, JBT intends to redeem any Marel shares not tendered in the Offer by way of a compulsory purchase, within three months of the settlement of the Offer. In conjunction with the combination of JBT and Marel, JBT will change its corporate name and stock ticker symbol to “JBT Marel Corporation” and “JBTM,” respectively, which is expected to occur on or about January 2, 2025. JBTM shares will remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) with a secondary listing on Nasdaq Iceland and expected to commence trading on both NYSE and Nasdaq Iceland on January 3, 2025. In addition, Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam) and Nasdaq Iceland have approved Marel’s requests to delist its shares from Euronext Amsterdam and Nasdaq Iceland. The last day of trading of Marel shares on the respective exchanges is today, January 3, 2025. The remaining shareholders can elect to receive, in exchange for each share in Marel, (a) €3.60 in cash, (b) 0.0265 shares in JBT, and €1.26 in cash or (c) 0.0407 shares in JBT, subject to proration such that the shareholders of Marel, as were immediately prior to the closing of the Offer, will receive an aggregate of approximately €950 million in cash and approximately a 38% interest in the combined company of JBT and Marel. JBT Marel expects to complete and settle the compulsory acquisition in February 2025. KPMG Accountants N.V., acted as independent auditors of Marel hf.