BBX Capital Corporation (NYSE:BBX) announced the spin-off of BBX Capital Florida LLC on June 17, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the spin-off, BBX Capital Corporation will spin-off BBX Capital Florida LLC (“New BBX Capital”), in order to separate the business, activities and investments of BBX Capital Corporation into two separate, publicly-traded companies: (i) BBX Capital Corporation, which will continue to hold its investment in Bluegreen Vacations Corporation (“Bluegreen Vacations”), a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells vacation ownership interests and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations, and (ii) New BBX Capital, which will continue to hold or will hold at the time of the spin-off all of BBX Capital Corporation’s other businesses and investments, including BBX Capital Real Estate LLC, BBX Sweet Holdings, LLC and Renin Holdings, LLC. As a result of the spin-off, BBX Capital Corporation will cease to have any ownership interest in New BBX Capital and will become a “pure-play” Bluegreen Vacations holding company. Prior to the spin-off, New BBX Capital will be converted from a Florida limited liability company into a Florida corporation. The spin-off is expected to be effected by the distribution of shares of New BBX Capital’s common stock to BBX Capital Corporation’s shareholders. Shareholders of BBX Capital Corporation will be distributed one share of New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock for each share of BBX Capital Corporation’s Class A Common Stock and one share of New BBX Capital’s Class B Common Stock for each share of BBX Capital Corporation’s Class B Common Stock, in each case, held of record as of the close of business on September 22, 2020 for the distribution to be determined by BBX Capital Corporation’s Board of Directors. BBX Capital Corporation currently anticipates that the distribution of BBX Capital Florida's shares will occur on September 30, 2020. It is currently expected that applications will be made for New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock to trade on the OTCQB and/or OTCQX. The receipt of shares of New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock in connection with the spin-off will be a taxable transaction to BBX Capital Corporation’s shareholders. The BBX Capital Corporation’s shareholders’ proportionate ownership and voting interests in BBX Capital Corporation will not be impacted by the spin-off. Further, Bluegreen Vacations’ Common Stock (NYSE: BXG) will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange. In connection with the spin-off, BBX Capital Corporation intends to change its name to “Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation” and for New BBX Capital to assume the name “BBX Capital Corporation.” In addition, BBX Capital Corporation will in connection with the spin-off issue a $75 million note payable to New BBX Capital that will accrue interest at a rate of 6% per annum and require payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the expected terms of the note, BBX Capital Corporation will have the option in its discretion to defer payments under the note, with amounts deferred to accrue interest at a cumulative, compounded rate of 8% per annum, and all outstanding amounts will become due and payable in five years or earlier upon certain other events. In connection with the spin-off, BBX Capital Corporation will also make cash contributions to New BBX Capital and it is currently expected that following the spin-off, BBX Capital Corporation will hold approximately $25 million in cash and cash equivalents (not including the cash and cash equivalents held by its subsidiary, Bluegreen Vacations). Following the spin-off of New BBX Capital, BBX Capital Corporation will continue to be a publicly-traded holding company whose primary assets will then be its investment in Bluegreen Vacations and approximately $25 million in cash and cash equivalents and whose primary liabilities are expected to be approximately $141.3 million in outstanding debt obligations, including $66.3 million in junior subordinated debentures payable by Woodbridge, its wholly-owned subsidiary, and the $75 million note payable to New BBX Capital. BBX Capital Corporation will have limited operations following the spin-off and based on such limited operations, BBX Capital Corporation expects to incur approximately $8.5 million of interest expense associated with its debt obligations and $2 million to $3 million in expected expenses, which include ongoing executive compensation costs, general and administrative expenses, and estimated costs associated with being a public company. In addition, compensation costs associated with the vesting of unvested shares of BBX Capital Corporation restricted stock that were previously granted to executives of BBX Capital Corporation may be recognized in future periods. It is currently anticipated that BBX Capital Corporation’s current Directors will resign and become Directors of New BBX Capital and that certain of Bluegreen Vacations’ current Directors will be appointed to fill those vacancies and become Directors of BBX Capital Corporation following the spin-off. Alan B. Levan, President and Chief Executive Officer, John E. Abdo, Vice Chairman, and Ray Lopez, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bluegreen Vacations, will continue to serve as officers of Bluegreen Vacations as well as BBX Capital Corporation. Alan Levan and John E. Abdo will also serve as Chairman and Vice Chairman of New BBX Capital, and Jarett Levan will serve as its President and Chief Executive Officer of New BBX Capital. Completion of the spin-off is subject to a number of conditions, including, without limitation, (i) approval of the spin-off in the contemplated manner by the BBX Capital Corporation’s shareholders, (ii) final approval of BBX Capital Corporation’s Board of Directors, and (iii) the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on Form 10 to be filed by New BBX Capital with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the mailing of the information statement which will form a part thereof. BBX Capital Corporation intends to hold a special meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of approving the spin-off and BBX Capital Corporation’s contemplated name change. Notwithstanding any approval of the spin-off by BBX Capital Corporation’s shareholders or the satisfaction of any of the other closing conditions, BBX Capital Corporation may, in the sole discretion of its Board of Directors, abandon the spin-off at any time prior to its consummation. As of August 27, 2020, a special meeting of BBX Capital Corporation shareholders is expected to take place on September 25, 2020, for the approval of the transaction. As on September 18, 2020, BBX Capital Corporation announced that, prior to the spin-off, BBX Capital Florida LLC will be converted into a Florida corporation named BBX Capital, Inc. ("New BBX Capital"). Shareholders of the Company will also retain their shares of BBX Capital Corporation’s Class A Common Stock and/or Class B common stock. The "Ex-Distribution" date for the distribution of shares of New BBX Capital's Class A common stock and Class B common stock in connection with the spin-off will be October 1, 2020. There will not be "when-issued" trading of New BBX Capital's Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. New BBX Capital anticipates that the ticker symbol for its Class A Common Stock will be “BBXIA” and that the ticker symbol for its Class B Common Stock “BBXIB”. On September 25, 2020, the shareholders of BBX Capital Corporation approved the transaction and name change of BBX Capital Corporation. The transaction is expected to be completed on September 30, 2020. BBX Capital Corporation (NYSE:BBX) completed the spin-off of BBX Capital Florida LLC on September 30, 2020. BBX Capital Florida LLC's name has changed to BBX Capital, Inc. Commencing on October 1, 2020, New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will trade on the OTC markets. The trading symbol for New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock will be “BBXIA” and the trading symbol for New BBX Capital’s Class B Common Stock will be “BBXIB.” Trading will initially be on the OTC Pink Market, but subject to final approval by FINRA, is expected to move to the OTCQX on a future trading commencement date to be determined by the OTC. The CUSIP number for New BBX Capital’s Class A Common Stock is 073319 105. The CUSIP number for New BBX Capital’s Class B Common Stock is 073319 204. Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation remains a separate, public company with its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock continuing to trade on the NYSE and OTCQX, respectively, but under the new trading symbols. In connection with its name change, Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation’s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock were also assigned new CUSIP numbers. The new CUSIP number for Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation’s Class A Common Stock is 096308 101. The new CUSIP number for Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation’s Class B Common Stock is 096308 200. Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation’s shareholders are not required to take any action in connection with the name change. Shareholders do not need to, and are not being asked to, exchange any current stock certificates as stock certificates reflecting the former BBX Capital Corporation name will continue to be valid. As of October 1, 2020, Class A Common Stock has been approved for trading on the OTCQX. As a result of such approval, trading of the Company’s Class A Common Stock will move from the OTC Pink Market to the OTCQX commencing with the opening of trading on October 2, 2020. The trading symbol for the Class A Common Stock will remain BBXIA.